It's time for a new beginning in compiler infrastructure for the entire web ecosystem. Webpack has been downloaded over 3 billion times. It's become an integral part of building for the web. But just like Babel and Terser, it's time to go all-in on native. I joined Vercel and assembled a team of world class engineers to build the web's next generation bundler.


This team has taken lessons from 10 years of Webpack, combined with the innovations in incremental computation from Turborepo and Google's Bazel, and invented an architecture ready to withstand the next 10 years.


With that, we're excited to introduce Turbopack, our Rust-powered successor to Webpack. It will harness the power of our build system, Turborepo, for massive performance improvements. Turbopack is the new foundation of high-performance bare-metal tooling and is now open source—we're excited to share it with you.

现在是整个web生态系统编译器基础设施的新开端的时候了。Webpack已下载超过30亿次。它已经成为构建网络不可或缺的一部分。但就像巴别尔和泰瑟一样，是时候全力以赴地学习母语了。我加入了Vercel，组建了一个世界级的工程师团队来构建网络的下一代bundler。
该团队吸取了Webpack 10年的经验教训，结合Turborepo和Google的Bazel在增量计算方面的创新，并发明了一种可以承受未来10年的架构。
有了这些，我们很高兴介绍Turbopack，我们的Rust驱动的Webpack的继任者。它将利用我们的构建系统Turborepo的强大功能，大幅提高性能。Turbopack是高性能裸金属工具的新基础，现在是开源的，我们很高兴与您分享。



Turbopack is an incremental bundler optimized for JavaScript and TypeScript, written in Rust by the creators of Webpack and Next.js at Vercel.

On large applications Turbopack updates 10x faster than Vite and 700x faster than Webpack. For the biggest applications the difference grows even more stark with updates up to 20x faster than Vite.

The secret to Turbopack's performance is twofold: highly optimized machine code and a low-level incremental computation engine that enables caching down to the level of individual functions. Once Turbopack performs a task it never does it again.


Turbopack是一个为JavaScript和TypeScript优化的增量捆绑包，由Webpack和Next的创建者用Rust编写。js在Vercel。
在大型应用程序上，Turbopack更新速度比Vite快10倍，比Webpack快700倍。对于最大的应用程序，更新速度比Vite快20倍，差异变得更加明显。
Turbopack性能的秘诀有两个：高度优化的机器代码和一个低级别的增量计算引擎，该引擎允许缓存到单个功能的级别。一旦Turbopack执行了一项任务，它就再也不会执行了。





taken lessons from 吸取经验教训
innovations 创新
